# CRSTrans
A Task-driven Coordinate System Transformation program for Multi-Source heterogeneous Geospatial Data Integration and Fusion

1.Introduction
With the continuous and rapid development of geospatial information acquisition approach and earth observation technology, the available geospatial data across the world has experienced unprecedented growth over the past decades (GoodChild et al., 2007), and has been widely used in various industries (e.g. natural resources management, ecological and environmental protection,  and urban planning etc.). But on the other hand, due to the variety of data acquisition approaches, numerous data formats, and the multi-spatiotemporal nature of data, the calculation and analysis based on these multi-source heterogeneous data are faced with great challenges (Zhang et al., 2018). The integration and fusion problems of multi-source heterogeneous geospatial data have long attracted the attention of geosciences community (Ye et al., 2016). It is well known that we are used to represent spatial location with tuples of coordinates such as (x, y, z) ,(x, y, H) or (L, B, H), but the tuples are meaningless without a clear coordinate system, so from this point to view, the coordinate system is the mathematical basis of geospatial data, and the fundamental framework of geospatial calculating and analysis. Unified geospatial reference datum is the inherent requirement of multi-source heterogeneous geospatial data integration and fusion (Wang et al., 2017), and the transformation between different geospatial coordinate systems is the key preprocessing step.
Geospatial coordinate system transformation refers to the process that converting data between two geographic coordinate systems or datums by using some transformation models. To achieve this task, various algorithms and transformation models have been proposed and similar functional modules have been implemented in some GIS platforms. For example, ArcGIS provides a toolkit called Projection and Transformation to convert geographic data from one map projection to another, which mainly includes two types of transformation methods: equation-based and grid-based transformation methods. And the equation-based transformation methods includes four method types: Three-parameter methods, Seven-parameter methods, Molodensky method and Abridged Molodensky method. The grid-based transformation methods includes NADCON and HARN methods, National Transformation methods (Version 1 and Version 2). Unfortunately, the ArcGIS software does not provide a program or function for parameters calculation, which is obliged to resort to other software or tools. Moreover, the transformation methods implemented in ArcGIS software are deficient, they are only suitable for the coordinate transformation between different space orthogonal coordinate systems, but cannot transform coordinate directly between different geodetic coordinate systems. Another helpless thing is that these toolsets are platform-dependent and can only be performed in the environment of ArcGIS. In fact, the similar situation as those occurred in ArcGIS is the same in other GIS software platforms, such as QGIS, MapInfo and so forth. This article does not give detailed examples one by one.

